the history of Norwood Park is that has
always been a deer park here for many
centuries from the 11th century current
house was built in the 1760s and the
Starkey family who still live here as a
family they moved in in the 1880s and
been here ever since it's a Georgian
house which of course is one of the most
harmonious styles of architecture and
creates a lovely warm inviting
quintessentially English family home
north park offers a wide range of events
our main line of businesses weddings
otherwise we do corporate events dinners
private parties anything really where a
beautiful country house is called for
where could want to celebrate together
fantastic food and drink
our aims and objectives are of course to
provide a fantastic service to people so
that when they leave they feel like
they've just had the most wonderful
experience but on top of that really
it's quality of the food and how we look
after our guests that that really really
matters we just want them to leave
feeling warm glow and I'm wanting to
come back to the water park again in the
future first of all we thought the
professionalism of the staff was amazing
obviously the building itself in the
location was fantastic and then the more
we looked into this above everything
else we could actually see the wedding
here before obviously we would even add
the wedding our staff just fantastically
warm friendly people we choose our
selves really based on those core values
you just pick the most friendly people
who are willing to help and look after
others obviously we've spoke to the
residential DJ but photographer and the
more and more we spoke to these people
is simpler they've made it for us and
we've got exactly one right to today
talk them together perfect our whole
philosophy really is that you are
getting married at home at norwood park
or celebrating at home but you just
happen to be at norwood park it really
is your home for the day we had a good
look round seen the bridal suite and it
all just fell into place so the rooms
are the view you get premium my maid of
honors amazed that she's got such a good
view she thought that should have been
our room to be fair after an event what
we really want is for our clients to go
away feeling that had incredible value
for money and that they would love to
come back at some point in the future
and we see this all the time sometimes
it might be a christening after a couple
of be married here or it might be a
parent's 60th wedding anniversary but
basically they want to come back for
future celebrations we knew it was good
because most the dates would you know
people were bucking up so which is a
great thing we know that it's going to
be good but to me sexy did my
expectations far exceeded them
you